Change relayer URI address to be  vector and use quorum provider (#2122)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [2122](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2122): Change relayer URI address to be vector and use quorum provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [2122](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2122): Changed the relayer URI address to be a vector and use a quorum provider. The `relayer` argument now supports multiple URLs to fetch information from different sources.
```
